---
title: whoami 2026
date: 2026-01-03T18:07:00.000-07:00
---
Okay, hi, so why am I doing *this* (creating a new website, posting a bunch of things on it, constantly building/changing it)? A few reasons: 

1) I read [this post about the world wide web](https://henry.codes/writing/a-website-to-destroy-all-websites/) and it got me thinking about many, many things, and despite it specifically meaning to *not* induce nostalgia, it *did* unfortunately induce nostalgia, in me, and got me thinking about the internet that I grew up with, and the friends that I made, through 2009 twitter (twittr), and my photography friends on flickr, and fucking habbo hotel, and a bunch of other forums that I shouldn’t have been on when i was, like, 13 years old. But then over the next, what, 10-15 years, I met some of those people IRL, or reconnected with them after long periods of silence, and it was really, incredibly, very cool. 

2) I’m having a David Lynch moment where, if I don’t write my ideas down, [I might want to commit suicide (\*\*\* !!! not really !!! \*\*\* )](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVeAuwU-uuU&rco=1). 

3) I am really buying into the “new year new me” bullshit this year, and I’m beginning to think that having cancer last year (and then having surgery, and then being told that I *don’t* have cancer anymore) — *might* have something to do with it. Unsure! 

Number 3 in that list is a really, really big part of why I’m doing this right now though. I am likely not alone in the fact that I have, over the years, asked myself “who am i?”… but for whatever reason, I have always felt like I needed to define myself by one single thing, and have also always had my brain tell me: “not only are you *just* this one single thing, but you are also the absolute *worst* at it.” And I’m kinda sick of that tbh! 

In the past, I have defined myself as the-worst-ever-created: writer, photographer, developer, artist, tech nerd, sober person, homosexual, psychologist, philosopher (lol), tv nerd, movie nerd, book nerd, and just… so many other things. And again, I have only been one of these at a time, all at different times, never two at the same time. For whatever reason. But this year, I want to be a lot of things (I want to *allow myself* to be a lot of things), and embrace the whole “jack of all trades, master of none” thing, because whatever, why not? Maybe I’ll even find some little bits of mastery along the way. 

So I’m building this personal website thing, that is replacing my old “portfolio website” that was geared toward prospective employers and people I was hoping I could impress (although i’ll probably give that part a little shout out along the way). The most recent iteration of that website was built with AI, just a single prompt or two, because I wanted it to look somewhat okay but I didn’t want to spend time on it. 

I’m leaving that behind for an ugly ass, personal, uncensored website that will hopefully have more of myself within it than a rushed job or an AI prompt could ever do. Right now I kind of feel like an alien who has come down to earth from the first time, and is very excited about it, and is all: “I want to *meet people!* I want to build mediocre stuff just to *build stuff*!I want to *try new things!* I want to *watch movies and read books and learn shit!* I want to *put all of my shit into a blog-ish personal-website-ish thing and put it online!”* 

I want this space to be a little bit of everything, and never be defined by these things alone: 

* Writing short fiction pieces, because I’m scared to do that and don’t even know if I can
* Writing personal little blog posts as they come up (ie, that long cancer post i’ve been writing and am not even remotely close to being done with!)
* Small notes on things I’ve been learning or things that interest me 
* What I’ve been watching 
* What I’ve been reading 
* What I’m searching on the internet
* What I’m taking photos of, professionally, non-professionally, and [that funny third thing](https://doritoluver69.tumblr.com/) I used to have
* All other little odds and ends, whatever! 

It’s like substack! Or medium! And twitter! And goodreads! And letterboxd! And instagram! And flickr! But it’s all on my dumb little website that I get to tinker with and refine and redo and look back on, all the time, whenever I have time, whenever I should make time, whenever, whenever, whenever. My last website felt like an impersonal career website that *no one* was looking at. I want this to be a more personal place that *I* can look at – to grow with, and into. 

After having life on pause the past few months, I am ready to un-pause. If last year was about starting to be kinder to myself, and giving myself space to relax, then this year is about pushing myself a bit more and putting in more effort than I ever really have before. 

\*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\*\* \*\**

Well… that’s mostly it! But I did also tell myself I’d write some little resolutions as a start – I don’t think these are new years resolutions, or goals, but are more likely post-cancer resolutions, and I’m still understanding what that feels like or means or whatever. Here’s what I’d like to change in my clear headed mind rn:

* I’ve been a passive friend for way too long → I’d like to be an active one
* I’ve stopped meeting new people → I’d like to meet new people
* Instead of just telling people photography is “my hobby” (that i never do) → Actually take photos 
* Bring a camera with me that’s not my phone → Even if the best camera is the one you have with you
* Go to a yoga class (my sister just texted me to add this here)
* I’ve wanted many tattoos for a while → Get the dang tattoos!
* * *Aside*: I have gotten 2 already since Dec 29th so I’m already way ahead of the game here. 
* Make a real effort to drive my physical human body to the climbing gym several(!!!) days a week
* Talk to people more in general and just remind people that I love them
